capital = 521
primary_culture = portuguese
culture = zzz_religion_catholic
religion = catholic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0
nationalvalue = nv_autocracy
literacy = 0.377534

civilized = yes

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

# political reforms
slavery=yes_slavery
vote_franschise=landed_voting
upper_house_composition=appointed
voting_system=jefferson_method
public_meetings=no_meeting
press_rights=state_press
trade_unions=no_trade_unions
political_parties=underground_parties

ruling_party = POR_reactionary
upper_house = 
{
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 8
	conservative = 87
	reactionary = 5
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 1.66667
nonstate_consciousness= 0.0666

# Technologies
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
prestige=4.94929
oob = "POR_OOB.txt"
set_country_flag = religi
decision = literacy_POR
set_country_flag = vic2_country_POR
set_country_flag = eu4_country_POR
